** God of Life: (year 10 exemplar)**
An echo of agony and torment enveloped the basement, sinking into the shrivelled walls bearing scars obtained from long sharp claws, now imprisoned within jars of translucent oil. The air of resentment was the audience to the monument of dried blood sculpted on the walls. David Wonstein’s threadbare leather boots stalked soundlessly on the rough granite floor, pacing back and forth amongst the decapitated heads, whose lifeless eyes seemed to stare maliciously at the madman. The headless animals’ bodies sprawled lifelessly across the floor, some thrown to a corner, others discarded in a pile that sat dejectedly amidst a slowly expanding pool of dark blood. The foul stench of death swam in the stale basement air, a vivid memory of the maniac’s mindless slaughter. <br><br>

Turning to face the motionless body of his experiment, Wonstein ripped open the monstrosity’s chest with wide deranged eyes, letting its slimy intestines spill over the table like maggots. Immediately, his brown eyes were drawn to the ruptured heart that lay in a lake of blood in the centre of the chest. Its shredded muscles cling feebly to the rotting flesh.<br>
“It broke again! It broke again! Why did it break again?” Wonstein roared, glaring at the row of bloodstained glass jars on the dented shelves, “That was my last one!”  <br><br>

Wonstein’s blood boiled as his pale wrinkled skin flushed with a tinge of maroon. Wonstein slammed a gnarled hand on the battered table, shaking the vials of crimson, amber and emerald chemicals. With a cry of rage, his fist clenched around a chipped glass flask, hurling it towards the mossy ground. Glass shards exploded in all directions, as bubbling cyan chemicals erupted from the ruins. <br><br>

“Arggghhhhh!” The man bellowed crazily, his veins bulging on his forehead, “I need to slay more vermin!” His leather boots slammed onto the ground, kicking open the heavy door, Wonstein charged into the snowstorm outside. “Come here you filthy beasts!” he screamed, disregarding the shards of ice slamming into his body. As he swung his hunting rifle in a menacing arc, he trudged through the snow as the wind tore at his leather jacket. Snow fell from the black night, whipped into a blizzard by the howling wind as it roared in anguish, lamenting the slaughter of the innocent within the lab. <br><br>

“Stupid animals!” ranted Wonstein as he pushed open the lab door, exhausted, “Where did all the filthy vermin go!” Throwing his soaked jacket onto the ground, Wonstein sat down on the corpse of a brown bear as the mahogany door slammed shut. <br>
“I just need one more heart! Why is it so damn hard!” Wonstein bellowed, pounding the cold granite floor. “I need this! Those old fools shall forever regret saying I’m crazy! They will behold my power as a god over life and death! They will tremble before my majestic creation!” <br><br>

Suddenly, a small movement in the corner of his eye made Wonstine whip around. Wonstein watched as his dog jumped into his lap, wagging its fluffy tail. Its silky snow-white fur, rubbing warmth into Wonstein’s frozen legs. Staring at Wonstein with its large brown eyes, its eyes glowed with kindness, like a beacon of light in a dark abyss of despair.  <br><br>

Wonsteined smiled. His thin boney hand closed around the thin dog’s body as he lifted it into the air. A shadow crossed Wonstein’s face as his lips curved upwards not unlike the smile of a demon as it preyed on a tortured soul. A small whimper escaped the puppy’s throat. Kicking its legs, the husky struggled futilely as it gazed into the cruel eyes of its executioner, the dog’s whimpers, now cries of terror. “I almost forgot about you.” He said as he carried the puppy by the nape of its neck. <br><br>

“You shall have the glorious honour of completing my masterpiece!” laughed Wonstein as he chained the shivering dog on the metal table. Putting on his bloodstained gloves Wonstein opened the metal box containing his tools. Scalpels and carving knives of different shapes and sizes spilled out of the container, some still coated in blood. Selecting a large carving knife that still dripped with the blood of its previous victim, Wonstein raised his blade, its cutting edge glistening evilly in the candlelight, the husky stared at his owner with a look of betrayal like a son dying at the hands of his father.  <br><br>

Holding the fragile red heart, still dripping with warm fresh blood in his hands, Wonstein placed it into the chest of his creation. Slowly combining the components of his masterpiece with a series of stitches, Wonstein stitched together veins and arteries and filled the cavity in his creation with chunks of bloody flesh and bulging muscles. <br>
“Come alive!” Commanded the madman as he waved his hands in the air, like a witch casting a curse.  <br><br>

Slowly, the body began to move. Its mismatching legs touched the ground as the monstrosity took its first steps. Wonstein’s creation shook its bloody fur as its hideous wolf head emitted a bloodcurdling scream. A bloodstained lion claw slashed at Wonstein as he backed away, tripping over the carcass of a small boar. Swinging his arms wildly to keep balance, Wonstien's hand smashed into a table, sending flasks of chemicals and organs of animals into the air. "Obey me, I am your creator," screamed Wonstein, clutching his hand in pain as chemicals rained down upon the monster and scientist. Finding himself face to face with his monster, Wonstein gazed into its cold grey eyes. In his creation's eyes, he saw the same look of pain and fear that he had seen in his dog. Staring at the monster in terror, agony erupted in Wonstein’s chest as his body was pulverised into a bloody mess of flesh and bone. Wonstein forced out a final cry of pain as his heart was torn from his body.
